README.md, before:

# AI Agent Based on Brent Ozar's First Responder Scripts

This is a AI agent that connects to your SQL Server instance and helps with database administration tasks. 
It is a web application that runs in a Docker container and uses OpenAI LLM API.

# Preparation

## Brent Ozar First Responder Kit

This application connects to a SQL Server instance and runs [Brent Ozar's First Responder scripts](https://github.com/BrentOzarULTD/SQL-Server-First-Responder-Kit).
Therefore, you need to have the scripts installed on your SQL Server instance.
In order to install the First Responder Kit, you simply clone the repository and run the `Install-All-Scripts.sql` script against your SQL Server. 

```shell
git clone https://github.com/BrentOzarULTD/SQL-Server-First-Responder-Kit
```

## SQL Server Database Permissions

You need a `username` to your SQL Server database with the following permissions:
```sql
USE dbname;
GO

GRANT VIEW DATABASE STATE TO username;
GRANT VIEW DEFINITION TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_Blitz] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzFirst] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzIndex] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzCache] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzBackups] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzLock] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzWho] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_DatabaseRestore] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_ineachdb] TO username;
GO

USE master
GO

GRANT VIEW SERVER STATE TO username;
```

## Extra Directories and Files

You need to create/prepare the following directories and files that are not part of the github repository:
- `db` directory - containing the knowledge database used by the agent
- `.env` file - containing the environment variables

## OpenAI API Key

You need to create an OpenAI API key and add it to the `.env` file as `OPENAI_API_KEY`.

# Usage

Docker needs to be installed on your system. Once everything is prepared you can simply build the image and run the container:

```sh
docker-compose up --build
```

Commit message:

Issue #7, application autorization using Nginx proxy server

README.md, after:

# AI Agent Based on Brent Ozar's First Responder Scripts

This is a AI agent that connects to your SQL Server instance and helps with database administration tasks.
It is a web application that runs in a Docker container and uses OpenAI LLM API.

# Preparation

## Brent Ozar First Responder Kit

This application connects to a SQL Server instance and runs [Brent Ozar's First Responder scripts](https://github.com/BrentOzarULTD/SQL-Server-First-Responder-Kit).
Therefore, you need to have the scripts installed on your SQL Server instance.
In order to install the First Responder Kit, you simply clone the repository and run the `Install-All-Scripts.sql` script against your SQL Server.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/BrentOzarULTD/SQL-Server-First-Responder-Kit
```

## SQL Server Database Permissions

You need a `username` to your SQL Server database with the following permissions:
```sql
USE dbname;
GO

GRANT VIEW DATABASE STATE TO username;
GRANT VIEW DEFINITION TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_Blitz] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzFirst] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzIndex] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzCache] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzBackups] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzLock] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_BlitzWho] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_DatabaseRestore] TO username;
GRANT EXECUTE ON [dbo].[sp_ineachdb] TO username;
GO

USE master
GO

GRANT VIEW SERVER STATE TO username;
```

## Extra Directories and Files

You need to create/prepare the following directories and files that are not part of the github repository:
- `db` directory - containing the knowledge database used by the agent
- `.env` file - containing the environment variables

## OpenAI API Key

You need to create an OpenAI API key and add it to the `.env` file as `OPENAI_API_KEY`.

## Basic Authentication

To secure the application with basic authentication, create an `.htpasswd` file:

```sh
docker run --rm -it httpd:2.4-alpine htpasswd -nbB admin 'TvojeSilneHeslo' > .htpasswd
```

This creates a password file with username `admin` and password `TvojeSilneHeslo`. You can change these credentials as needed.

# Usage

Docker needs to be installed on your system. Once everything is prepared you can simply build the image and run the container:

```sh
docker-compose up --build
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:8080` with basic authentication. Use the credentials you created in the `.htpasswd` file (by default: username `admin`, password `TvojeSilneHeslo`).
